README.md, before:

huggable-homepage
=================
this is a poorly made new tab/home page that I made using the css from my website ([pogonip.pw](pogonip.pw))  
it's relatively easy to edit, just change the span label and the stuff in the div and it should work (I hope)  
there's also a "manifest.json" file incase you want to use it as a chrome new tab page, just load the folder as an extension and it should work (I hope)  
  
dependencies
------------
I didn't package any of the dependencies because I'm not sure if I should  
they are all linked on some sort of cdn though  
here's a list:
+ hover - [http://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/](http://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
+ jquery - [http://jquery.com/download/](http://jquery.com/download/)
+ fontawesome - [https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/](https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)  

setup
-----
it's pretty self-explanatory, but with dependencies in mind, either stick with the cdn, or if you want an entirely offline setup you can download them  

+ for hover, you just need to put "hover.css" into the "css" folder
+ for jquery, basically the samething but put it in the "js" folder and make sure the file names match up
+ and for fontawesome, follow the directions on their site for setup  

also shoutout to this guy for the clock.js: [http://www.alessioatzeni.com/blog/css3-digital-clock-with-jquery/](http://www.alessioatzeni.com/blog/css3-digital-clock-with-jquery/)  

screenshots
-----------
![parent-hovered](http://i.imgur.com/Iv97rYL.png)

Commit message:

fixed up readme and bumped manifest.json version
version number is probably useless but it makes me feel important

README.md, after:

huggable-homepage
=================
this is a poorly made new tab/home page that I made using the css from my website ([pogonip.pw](http://pogonip.pw/))  
  
dependencies
------------
I didn't package any of the dependencies because I'm not sure if I should  
they are all linked on some sort of cdn though  
here's a list:
+ hover - [http://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/](http://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
+ jquery - [http://jquery.com/download/](http://jquery.com/download/)
+ fontawesome - [http://fontawesome.io/](http://fontawesome.io/)  

also shoutout to this guy for the clock.js: [http://www.alessioatzeni.com/blog/css3-digital-clock-with-jquery/](http://www.alessioatzeni.com/blog/css3-digital-clock-with-jquery/)  

setup
-----
assuming you don't need the same websites as me on your new tab page, you can change the spans to fit your needs. the labels are what shows on the parent button, and the links are what shows up in the child buttons. if you know any html at all you can probably figure it out.  

other than that, it's pretty self-explanatory, but with dependencies in mind, either stick with the cdn, or if you want an entirely offline setup you can download them and change the paths in new.html (entirely up to you)  

and, since chrome doesn't support custom new tab pages, you can load the folder as an extension (hence the manifest.json) or you can download some other extension that does the same thing (also entirely up to you)  

screenshots
-----------
![parent-hovered](http://i.imgur.com/Iv97rYL.png)
